Keep a close eye on Jirasin.
Why did he never tell me
that he has both an aunt
and an uncle-in-law like that?
Then how am I
supposed to know who you are,
and what really happened to my mom?
So what exactly do you want?
If you do anything to Kluay,
it's the same as doing it to me.
Because right now, we're dating.
This girl?
Shall we go in?
You promised. If I give you the signal,
we have to leave immediately.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
Please, come in. This way.
We just finished fixing up the garden,
so it might be a bit messy.
And there may be some insects.
It's the rainy season.
That's fine.
Uh, you're not scared, are you?
Oh, no, I'm not.
At my house,
we have flowers like this too,
and there are lots of insects as well.
You're just like Anong. She likes it too.
This house focuses on fragrant flowers.
Everyone in the family likes them.
Oh, who says everyone? I don't.
Strong-smelling flowers,
when the scent gets too heavy,
they make me dizzy.
Uh, Mr. Sarut.
This is a small gift from my grandma.
Here.
-I'll help carry them.
-Sure.
Oh.
So you came all this way
just to bring the gift?
Well, please thank your grandma for me.
Yes. Actually,
I also wanted to visit you, Mr. Sarut.
On the day of the ceremony,
I was really busy.
So I didn't really have time
to take care of you, or even talk to you.
-Alright. Let's go inside.
-Uh.
Shall we go inside?
Please come in.
Kluay, are you okay?
-The smell…
-It's the tuberose scent.
It might be a bit strong,
but I think it smells nice.
Please come in.
I already know they didn't approve it.
That's why I'm rushing
to find the documents.
Do you know how much
I've lost because of this?
The supplier even flew to Chiang Mai.
He ended up waiting for nothing.
Everything has to wait
for Warat's sign-off!
Fine.
Let's see. If I go back
and still don't get the documents…
I can't believe…
Warat.
You know, back then,
when it came to popular sports,
your father and I
used to go together all the time.
Rock climbing and cliff jumping.
Back then, it was incredibly fun.
Really thrilling.
It was a test of courage,
and of how ready your body was.
I can't believe
my dad liked sports like that.
Yeah.
But
that was before all the serious problems.
What problems?
Well…
Sin.
Uh, you know each other too?
What do you want?
Why are you here?
Why can't I be here?
I just have some business.
Why?
Is there some secret here?
You shouldn't be here uninvited.
Hey, hey, Sin. Easy.
Mind your manners.
He's my friend's son,
and he's also an executive
at the company you work for.
Alright. Don't mind him.
Sin's probably stressed
and said something rude.
Please accept our apologies.
Anyway,
Kluay, do you know Sin as well?
Uh… sorry, everyone.
Kluay might be allergic to something.
Please excuse us.
Kluay, let's go.
Why didn't you tell me
about that Kluay girl beforehand?
Forget it.
Today or any other day, it's the same.
Because sooner or later,
she'll die just like Lak anyway.
And Warat too.
I don't care whose son he is.
If he keeps getting in my way,
he'll die along with her.
Hey. Sin!
Anong, look at him! Look at your nephew!
Kluay?
What happened, Mr. Warat?
Yeah, what happened?
Kluay ran into Jirasin
at Mr. Sarut's house.
What did he do to her?
It's okay.
Let's listen to Mr. Warat first.
He didn't do anything.
You can try talking to her yourself.
Kluay saw Jirasin with my mom.
Huh?
On the day she fell from the building.
-Whoa, Kluay.
-Hey.
What's all that noise?
Kluay?
Oh, thank you, Mom.
But really, you didn't have to.
I'm better now.
I could've gone down myself.
Well.
Better how? Your face
is still pale,
like there's no color at all.
Really?
And look at your pajamas.
They're torn here and there.
You're still wearing them. So worn out.
-See? Completely worn.
-Hey.
Mom, that tickles.
But they're comfortable.
Alright.
Hey, Kluay.
I know
you're a good, kind-hearted girl.
But helping someone
to the point
where you make yourself sick like this,
that's not right for you.
Mom, you don't have to worry about me.
Ms. Mysterious promised that
she won't let this happen to me again.
She feels bad about it too.
When did you talk to her?
Just now.
Why didn't you answer your phone?
You're not answering me?
I don't want to talk.
Go shower and go to bed.
I'm not showering,
and I'm not sleeping either.
We need to talk.
But I'm busy with work.
Your work is my company's work.
Just drop it.
Stop it. Don't mess with my work.
-That hurts.
-Come talk over there.
Ow, that hurts. What are you doing, Det?
I'm just pulling you over.
I haven't done anything.
You're really drunk, Na.
Drunk like this is perfect.
It makes it easy to kill someone.
I shouldn't have rushed back.
I should've killed
those bitches, Kluay and Som.
If you're talking to me about this,
I'm not listening.
But you have to listen.
You know damn well
what those two sisters did to me,
-and you still act like nothing happened.
-You started it.
If you side with them one more time,
I'll take everything back.
I told you,
don't talk to me like that again.
I will. What are you gonna do?
The house, the money, the job, the car.
I'll take it all back if you still think
they matter more than me.
Yeah!
They matter more. They're better.
And I don't love you.
I only stayed with you
because I put up with it.
I put up with it! You understand?!
Take it all back. I don't want any of it.
Det, stop.
-I said stop.
-What?!
Ow!
Good. Let some of the blood
rush out of your head.
Maybe you'll learn right from wrong.
What made you think you could leave me?
If you don't care about
a single piece of property,
you should at least think about your dad
who's lying there,
barely breathing in the hospital.
-Stop talking about my dad right now.
-I'll talk!
I'm talking
to bring you back to your senses.
If your dad knew you abandoned me,
abandoned my dad's company,
a man who loves that company
more than his life like him
would definitely get worse.
And if anything happens to him,
remember this.
You'll be the one who kills him.
-Oops, sorry.
-Oh.
-You can go first.
-Thank you.
I must apologize, ma'am,
for making it inconvenient for you
to get out of the car.
It's okay.
It's not inconvenient at all.
The path's wide. Let's go.
-Let's go pay respects to the Buddha.
-Yes.
Som.
Sompaen, you're not heading out
to work yet, right?
Uh, I'll hitch a ride with you today.
Som.
Sometimes,
mysterious signs come in the form
of clinking plates and cutlery.
Oh, Mr. Warat?
What's wrong?
I should ask you that.
What are you doing here?
Brought you porridge.
if you're done here,
you can head back now.
Just put it on the table.
Don't tell me you're embarrassed?
It'd be weird if I weren't.
But honestly, how you look right now
and how you usually look
aren't that different.
Hey, Mr. Warat.
Wait. I didn't come to pick a fight.
I'm here to make
the boyfriend act look convincing.
Huh?
My grandma knows already. Supol snitched.
Well. I mean, he told her
that the two of us are dating.
-Oh.
-So from now on,
I'm picking you up for work every day.
-Huh?
-How long are you gonna keep saying that?
Here. Eat.
And if you're not up for work today,
you don't have to go.
Okay, okay.
You really do look terrible.
Hey, Mr. Warat.
You can go wait at the table.
Turn around.
And pour it
into a bowl while you're at it.
Next time, don't bring anything for me.
Food is never lacking here,
if anything, it's too much.
Kluay and Som made all of this.
They kept insisting
that Grandpa had to eat, competing to see
whose food you'd eat more.
Those two girls never grow up.
And how's Kluay now?
She seems worse than before.
What should we do, Dad?
I really don't understand
why all these spirits unanimously
come asking Kluay for help.
It's the karma of their own actions.
If they did good,
the karma they receive will be good.
Whatever she promised them, do it.
Tell her that.
As for me, I'll meditate,
set my intention,
and dedicate merit to them as well.
Thank you, Dad.
According to the first conclusion,
when people die, the body disintegrates,
leaving only the spirit
wandering to be reborn.
Then what about appearing
in my grandson's dream
over and over,
is that considered a spirit,
Venerable Sir?
It is the imprint
of having lived together,
a bond,
an attachment,
lingering ties between one another.
Thus, they appear as dreams.
Do good deeds.
Make merit.
Dedicate the merit,
send goodness to them.
Make merit for them
even though
they never knew each other at all?
Jirasin.
Didn't you say that in your vision,
there was a boy, Ms. Kluay?
If we pin up a photo of a boy,
it might look too cruel.
This is connected
to Ms. Praewilai's death.
So you used a teddy bear instead.
Isn't that too cute?
But I understand you, Mr. Arnon.
A child that young couldn't have
done anything to Ms. Praewilai.
Hey, everyone
has seen what state Jirasin is in now.
When he was a child,
he could've killed someone.
Mr. Warat,
but if he didn't actually do it,
you'll incur bad karma.
Hah.
You teddy bear.
So how's the hospital information?
Mr. Sarut didn't say
anything about my dad.
Good. Then moving forward won't be hard.
And if in the end it was intentional
to cause Mr. Wichan to become critically
ill and die, can we take legal action?
I'll be the one to kill him myself.
Calm down, Mr. Warat.
Anything we do requires evidence.
What evidence could there be?
My dad is dead,
and his body's been cremated.
The only way to get even
is to kill and trade a life for a life.
That's the only fair deal.
Alright, how about this.
Next time, we go to the field.
I happen to know an old housekeeper
from the Vanich household.
She's the one who took care of
Mr. Wichan and Ms. Praewilai.
Then do it now.
Why wait for next time?
SARUT
Uh, wait a second.
From what I see,
it seems like she wants us
to start with Sin when he was a child,
and with Mr. Sarut,
which we've already checked.
-Jirasin?
-Yeah.
His parents, where he was born,
when he was born, we know everything.
The HR department of Vanich, of course.
That's true.
You're really good, Mr. Arnon.
Why are you so happy?
What should I do
to get Warat to make merit for Ampha?
Supol, help me think.
With the utmost respect, ma'am,
I think it'll be difficult.
Mr. Warat won't listen to anyone.
And if you speak to him,
he'll definitely rebel against you.
That's true.
Honestly, the one who should be
sprinkled with holy water
isn't you or me.
I think it should be Warat.
Maybe it'll tame his stubbornness a bit.
Yes, ma'am.
-Oh, ma'am, the car is this way.
-Oh. Let's go.
Ah… Oh, you…
-You're heading back too?
-Yes.
-I come here to make merit regularly.
-Oh.
-But we've never met each other before.
-Yes.
I don't come very often.
Only once in a while to pay respects.
Please go ahead. May merit protect you.
Thank you. Likewise.
Thank you.
Why does she look so familiar?
With the utmost respect, ma'am,
is something wrong?
I feel something strange about that woman.
It feels like
we've met before or maybe not.
Like she's familiar, but not quite.
I can't really explain it.
From what I see,
she seems kind-hearted, ma'am.
-Hello, Chat.
-Is Mr. Sin here?
Yes, but…
It's fine.
Yes.
How's the Chiang Mai branch?
How is it? You want to know?
Go see for yourself.
It's still not settled?
I already told my team to handle it.
Even if you brought your whole team,
it wouldn't help.
Don't you really know that Warat
now controls almost everything in Vanich?
I know. I heard
there's a major meeting next week.
I didn't expect him to move this fast.
Anything you're dealing with in Hua Hin,
or the Phuket project,
wrap it up quickly.
Close them as fast as possible.
In just one week?
I don't think that's possible.
Have you even tried,
or are you just assuming it's impossible?
Yes.
From now on,
we have to be much more careful.
Don't leave any loopholes
for Warat to catch us on.
Concede where we can.
Don't let Mrs. Wanee feel like we're
on the opposite side from her grandson.
Yes.
Once we secure
the Vanich shares as planned,
he'll finally learn
what loss really feels like.
Mr. Sin, have you transferred the money
to Mr. Peng's account yet?
His people messaged me to follow up.
Not yet.
The reason I haven't transferred it
is because
I'm waiting to see how you do next week.
But you already know
I'm willing to pay off your entire debt.
It just has to be in exchange
for results that are worth it, remember?
Mr. Sin, this isn't an easy job.
I need to fly to Phuket
to talk with the investors,
and then they need to discuss it.
The earliest we could close the deal
would be after the general meeting.
By then, there'll be nothing left.
But it's up to you. I still have
upcoming projects, and plenty of others.
But you?
Then I'll try it.
That's the spirit.
This is Sin's old house.
The house looks fine.
Uh, excuse me.
May I ask if you know
someone named Jirasin?
Jirasin? I don't know him.
Then who owns this house?
Or did they
buy it from the previous owner?
What business do you have here?
If you have something to deal with,
find another way to contact them yourself.
Oh?
I'm leaving.
Uh…
I figured they wouldn't cooperate easily.
But in the household registration
Mr. Arnon brought, this is the place.
DEATH CERTIFICATE
Father's name is Jinchai.
Mother's name is Naree.
He had one younger sister, Lakkana.
This is Jirasin's mom's death certificate.
It states she died from illness.
But in the insurance records,
it's listed as suicide,
which led to a prolonged legal battle
over compensation.
Jirasin's side eventually won the case.
But right after that, his father died too.
And it's not illness.
He died of heartbreak, following his wife.
Why is this so sad?
The insurance money
from his mother's death
was used to treat his father.
It's really tragic.
They were basically wiped out
and ended up bankrupt as well.
But the person who received the benefits
wasn't Jirasin,
and it wasn't his sister either.
Why?
Because the beneficiary's name
was someone else.
Who?
Ms. Praewilai, your mother.
I don't even know where to begin.
But I kind of have a sense that…
from what I've gathered,
Jirasin's mom may have died
because of my mom.
Don't say that.
We don't know the truth yet.
Don't jump to conclusions
that make you feel worse.
Or should I imagine
that Jirasin and I are half-brothers?
Same father, different mothers?
Hey, I just said don't overthink it.
Don't blame yourself.
Don't think badly of yourself.
We still don't know the truth.
I hate secrets. I hate lies.
I hate everything
the old-timers hide from me.
Hey, calm down.
I think the person
who can give you the best answers
is Mrs. Wanee.
If we could rely on Grandma,
we wouldn't be standing
here right now, Kluay.
That's you. But this time it's me.
How about this?
I'll go talk to your grandma for you.
Okay?
Since we're already here,
there's one more place
we need to go. Shall we?
JIRAYU
-A grocery store?
-Yes.
Grocery stores like this
are prime information hubs.
Back when I needed to
research something for school,
places like this
were where I got the best info.
Oh, let's go.
Excuse me.
-Yes?
-Do you work at this store?
Yes. If you want something,
just tell my mom.
Mom, a customer.
Of course I know it.
People call it the plumeria house.
Why does it sound so sad?
Plumeria…
Well, that house
has a lot of plumeria trees
planted along the fence.
Whenever people ask for directions,
they would say,
"Go past the plumeria house."
So it became a nickname.
Like a landmark, right?
Yeah, that's it.
But there really is a sad story.
The husband brought his mistress
to live under the same roof
as his legal wife.
Do you happen to know the mistress's name?
Her name?
That was a long time ago.
I'm not really sure.
It was something long,
something like Prae…
But some people say
she wasn't actually a mistress.
Hey, what are you doing?
Why are you still here?
You were nice a moment ago.
This is my store. I'll do whatever I want.
It's none of your business.
But we haven't done anything yet.
I told you to leave, so leave. Go away!
-We should go.
-Uh.
What's wrong with him?
And you're still smiling?
I chased them off.
All settled.
Just a bit of money
can shut both mother and son right up.
No wonder
Arnon checked my background through HR.
He's stupid.
Didn't he know HR is full of our people?
You want to know what kind
of woman your mother was?
Fine. I'll let you find out slowly.
I'll make you die of heartbreak.
Where are you?
Why haven't you contacted me at all?
Peekaboo!
Are you buying coffee?
Som, you scared me.
You're scared?
Who were you thinking about?
Or were you thinking about me?
It's your sister and Mr. Warat.
What trouble did those two cause again?
Grown-up stuff.
If you don't ask more,
I'll buy you a coffee.
Iced latte, less sweet.
It's not our turn yet. Wait.
Oh.
Go sit down. I'll bring it over.
Thank you.
Daddy.
-Som. Oh?
-Arnon.
Chase that guy away.
-Hello.
Why are you always messing with me, Det?
I'll say this first.
If there's trouble again today,
I won't let your crazy Amoeba get away
with it this time. It'll be worse.
Oh, so you're Ms. Ameena's boyfriend.
Yes.
Well, I'm warning you.
It's better if you stay away from Som.
She's not here today.
I came here to wait for you, Som.
Could you pass this letter to Kluay?
She blocked my number a long time ago.
I can't contact her anymore.
No.
Ugh.
When will this ever end?
If your girl finds out you're
sending letters to Kluay,
she'll pick a fight again.
It just goes in circles, never ending.
Take it back.
Help him out. Don't you want him gone?
Fine. I'll handle it. You can go now.
Go deliver it yourself.
Hey.
Is my order ready?
20 THB STOREWIDE
PRAEWILAI
SARUT
Did you see anything?
I didn't see anything. I'm just tired.
I was thrilled. Thought you saw something.
But it's strange.
I went there and didn't see any sign.
Even though that house…
Someone died there.
What are you startled for? It's me.
Oh.
I have something to tell you.
Jirasin sent people to silence
the mother and son at the grocery store.
Yes.
That's very satisfying, just as planned.
What plan?
Warat told me
to gather information from HR
to lure Jirasin out.
And it turned out just like I said.
But why would Jirasin
want to silence those two?
So you two
knew about this and didn't tell me at all?
I think it's good this way.
Now Jirasin knows we're not incompetent.
Wait. Are you saying I'm incompetent?
Everything I say is wrong.
Anyway, let's get back on topic.
So, is the information we have
about Jirasin's parents correct?
I think my mother must be connected
to Jirasin's father somehow.
What if Jirasin and I are brothers
with the same father?
I don't think so.
Your grandma and your father
were both very sharp.
They wouldn't be fooled that easily.
I think you should go rest first.
You're overthinking this.
I'll ride with you, okay?
So we can talk to Mrs. Wanee too.
-Let's go.
-Hurry.
Here, clean this up too.
SARUT
Where have you been?
At the hospital. I went to see my father.
See your father?
Or to see Som?
You had someone follow me?
Of course I did!
If I didn't, how would I know
how stupid you think I am?!
Why do you have to do this?
Stop hurting me already, Ameena.
Let's just end it here.
End it how?
You don't love me anymore. I don't
love you either. Why keep holding on?
So you won't go back to Kluay.
I hate her.
I hate how she holds her head high,
taking everything I ever wanted.
I hate her. Do you hear me? I hate her!
You're imagining things. Kluay hasn't
cared about me for a long time!
And can you honestly say
you don't care about her?
See?
And you expect me to just let you go back
to her? Let her laugh at me like that?
Enough, Ameena!
That love letter you wanted Kluay to read,
she won't be reading it anymore.
Confused how I got it?
You searched my bag?
Smart.
But realizing it now? That's stupidity.
That letter
is useless now. You know why?
Because by now, Kluay must have
already read the fake letter I wrote.
If you want to know what it says,
just wait until the day
you shamelessly sneak off to meet her.
You have to go.
Don't miss it.
You sure about this?
Yes.
If we make Mrs. Wanee believe
we're really a couple,
she might open up to me faster.
And we might find the truth
about your mother more easily.
I hate liars.
Then just put all the blame on me.
I said I hate liars,
but the one who started lying was me.
If being a bad person for a bit
helps untangle everything faster,
I think it's worth it. Let's go.
What do you mean?
If we can make your grandma believe us,
and get the truth sooner,
there's nothing to lose.
Come on, let's go.
Wait.
Huh?
Sweet.
Baby.
Honey.
Babe.
Pick one.
Huh? What?
We're a couple, remember?
So she'll believe us.
Oh. What?
Sweet. Honey.
What else is there?
Babe.
We don't have to go that far, do we?
Will she believe it otherwise?
Think about it.
It doesn't have to be that much.
I know my grandma well. Pick one.
Then…
let's use
"Your girl" and "My boy."
Is that what people say in Thailand?
Wow, that's really old-school.
I don't know either.
I've never really had a boyfriend.
Oops.
Ugh.
Come on, go inside. Hurry.
Pick first.
-"My boy," then. Come, hurry.
-No.
Hey, hurry up.
Fine. Babe, then.
Yes, babe.
Hold it sweetly, or she won't believe it.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay what?
Babe.
Thank you for coming
to introduce yourself formally.
Well then,
I'll take this
as a good thing for our family.
Because normally, Warat
never brings any woman here
for me to consider.
You're the first.
So, welcome.
Thank you very much.
NEXT EPISODE
Why did you hide the fact
that I'm an orphan from Mrs. Wanee?
What I did was to protect you.
Rat would never take a woman
with an unknown background
to be my granddaughter-in-law.
I heard the sound
of a child's anklet bells,
the same kind of sign
I sensed when I was with Mrs. Wanee.
WARAT
"Warat."
Subtitle translation by: Panuwat Baikeawon